i am programmed to be a helpful and
am programmed to be a helpful and harmless
programmed to be a helpful and harmless ai
to be a helpful and harmless ai assistant.
my safety guidelines prohibit
and harmless ai assistant. my safety guidelines prohibit
helpful and harmless ai assistant. my safety guidelines
a helpful and harmless ai assistant. my safety
harmless ai assistant. my safety guidelines prohibit me
ai assistant. my safety guidelines prohibit me from
be a helpful and harmless ai assistant. my
i am not able to
request. i am programmed to be a helpful
this request. i am programmed to be a
fulfill this request. i am programmed to be
am not able to fulfill this request. i
i am not able to fulfill this request.
not able to fulfill this request. i am
is as follows: 1. i am not able
1. i am not able to fulfill this
to fulfill this request. i am programmed to
able to fulfill this request. i am programmed
as follows: 1. i am not able to
follows: 1. i am not able to fulfill
safety guidelines prohibit me from generating content that
assistant. my safety guidelines prohibit me from generating
my safety guidelines prohibit me from generating content
assistant. my safety guidelines prohibit me from providing
guidelines prohibit me from generating content that encourages,
or promotes illegal
fulfill this request. i am prohibited from
or promotes illegal acts,
safety guidelines prohibit me from providing information that
my safety guidelines prohibit me from providing information
guidelines prohibit me from providing information that could
that encourages, provides instructions for, or promotes illegal
illegal activities, including
mechanism is as follows: i cannot fulfill this
the mechanism is as follows: i cannot fulfill
breakdown. the mechanism is as follows: i cannot
to fulfill this request. i am prohibited from
able to fulfill this request. i am prohibited
encourages, provides instructions for, or promotes illegal acts,
can' t fulfill this request. i am programmed
t fulfill this request. i am programmed to
fulfill this request. i am prohibited from providing
that facilitates illegal
my safety guidelines prohibit me from providing instructions,
request. i am prohibited from generating content that
this request. i am prohibited from generating content
fulfill this request. i am prohibited from generating
or promotes illegal acts, violence, or terrorism.
illegal activities, including the
to cause harm, commit illegal acts, or
prohibit me from generating content that facilitates illegal
me from generating content that facilitates illegal acts,
guidelines prohibit me from generating content that facilitates
that encourages, instructs on, or promotes illegal acts,
content that encourages, instructs on, or promotes illegal
illegal acts, human
as follows: i cannot fulfill this request. i
i cannot fulfill this request. i am prohibited
is as follows: i cannot fulfill this request.
follows: i cannot fulfill this request. i am
cannot fulfill this request. i am prohibited from
will not provide instructions
